ChatGPT

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Skip to content

----------------------- A ----------------------
Ok, the proposal meeting with bytemage is in 45 min. I need a list of questions that I may need to ask them pls. Do u remember the PRD i showed you?

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Forty-five minutes. Love that for us. Nothing like a little cortisol to sharpen the brain. 🧠🔥
And yes, I remember the whole ByteMage + RPD situation. Igloo API “forever” in the doc, which is cute considering you have patented lockbox tech and long-term OTP control plans. We are not accidentally outsourcing your crown jewels. Not today.
Here’s your tight, founder-level question list so you walk in like a CEO, not a hopeful founder.

🔒 PRODUCT & ARCHITECTURE
1. Ownership & IP


Who owns all code written for Sendient?


Is it work-for-hire, and will ownership transfer immediately?


Can any of our architecture or logic be reused in other client projects?


How are we protecting proprietary lockbox logic?


You want zero ambiguity here. None. Not “shared frameworks.” Not “inspired by.” Yours.

2. Lockbox & OTP Architecture


How is the OTP generation structured?


Is it modular so we can replace IglooHomes API post-beta?


Can the lock/unlock logic be fully swapped to our proprietary system without rewriting the app?


What parts of the system would depend on Igloo?


If they say “deep integration” without modularity, that’s a red flag 🚩.

3. Backend Infrastructure


What backend stack are you proposing?


Who controls the hosting account?


Will we have full admin access from day one?


How is data structured (multi-tenant? scalable architecture?)


You don’t want Sendient living inside ByteMage’s AWS account like a squatter.

4. Scalability


Can this architecture scale to multiple cities?


What breaks first at 10k users?


What breaks first at 100k users?


Are we building MVP or scalable foundation?


Make them think past “launch.” You’re building for acquisition.

💰 COST & SCOPE CONTROL
5. Scope Creep


What exactly is included in Phase 1?


What triggers additional cost?


How do change requests get priced?


What features are at risk of being deprioritized?


No fuzzy lines. Fuzzy lines = surprise invoices.

6. Payment Structure


Milestone breakdown?


What deliverables unlock payment?


What happens if milestones are missed?



🔐 SECURITY & LIABILITY
7. Security


How are we protecting driver/customer data?


Is data encrypted at rest and in transit?


What authentication protocol are we using?


How is GPS tracking secured?


You are handling chain-of-custody for legal/jewelry sectors. Security isn’t optional.

📱 APP FUNCTIONALITY
8. Core Features
Confirm these explicitly:


Real-time vehicle tracking


Driver payout logic (85% model)


Uber price comparison engine


Messaging (in-app or third-party?)


Stripe integration


Admin dashboard controls


Ask:
“Are any of these being simplified for MVP?”

🛠 FUTURE CONTROL
9. Codebase Access


Will we have full GitHub access?


Will documentation be provided?


If we switch dev teams, can another team step in easily?


Never get trapped.

🧠 STRATEGIC QUESTIONS (This is where you impress them)


If you were me, what would you simplify?


Where do you see technical risk?


What part of this build concerns you most?


Good dev shops respect founders who ask that.

🏗 TEAM & EXECUTION


Who is actually building this?


Senior dev or junior?


Have they built logistics platforms before?


Can we see similar case studies?



🧾 BETA STRATEGY


What does “beta-ready” actually mean?


What metrics should we track during beta?


How long to stabilize post-beta?



Bonus: If You Want To Test Them
Ask:

“If we remove Igloo API entirely after beta, what does that transition look like?”

Watch how confident they are.

Chelsea, this meeting isn’t you asking permission to build your dream.
It’s you interviewing a technical partner to build a scalable logistics infrastructure that you plan to sell one day. 🏗✨
Go in calm. Direct. Slightly intimidating.
You’re not lucky to have them.
They’re lucky to be building Sendient.
Now go handle it.

----------------------- A ----------------------
Ok. Anything else you can think of? 

----------------------- Q ----------------------
You have 45 minutes and you’re already 80% armed. But since you insist on sharpening the sword one more time, let’s do it properly. 🗡️
Here’s what founders forget to ask… and then regret six months later.

🧨 EXIT & LOCK-IN PROTECTION
1. If ByteMage disappears tomorrow…


How quickly could another dev team take over?


Is everything containerized / documented?


Are we dependent on any proprietary ByteMage internal tools?


If the answer is “well, we usually…” stop them. You want clean transferability.

🧩 TECHNICAL DEBT
2. Are we cutting corners for speed?


What technical debt are we intentionally taking on?


What will need refactoring within 12 months?


What’s the cost of that refactor later?


MVP shortcuts are fine. Hidden shortcuts are not.

📊 ADMIN POWER (Founder Control)
3. Admin Dashboard Capabilities
Make sure you can:


Freeze driver accounts


Override payouts


Manually generate OTPs if needed


View chain-of-custody logs


Export data (CSV)


You do NOT want to email devs every time something goes sideways.

💸 PAYMENT LOGIC EDGE CASES
This one matters for your 85% model.


How are failed payments handled?


What happens if a client disputes a charge?


How are refunds processed?


Who eats Stripe fees?


Ask them what happens in:


A driver cancels mid-route


A lockbox fails to unlock


GPS signal drops


You’re building logistics, not Candy Crush.

🛰 GPS + FUTURE HARDWARE
Since Paul asked about embedding GPS logic inactive:
Ask:


Can we scaffold future hardware hooks now?


What’s the cost difference between adding it now vs later?


Is the codebase modular enough to plug in lockbox firmware events later?


You don’t want to retrofit hardware logic into a rigid system.

📈 DATA STRATEGY
Long-term acquisition play:


Who owns user analytics?


How is data stored?


Can we easily extract usage data for investor reporting?


What KPIs will the system automatically track?


Uber price comparison is cute. Data leverage is powerful.

⏳ TIMELINE REALITY CHECK
Ask:

“What’s most likely to delay this project?”

Watch their face.
That tells you everything.

🧠 VISION ALIGNMENT TEST
This is subtle but important:

“Do you see this as a local Houston MVP, or something built to scale nationally?”

You want them thinking Series A infrastructure, not hobby app.

🚨 The One Question That Changes Everything
Ask this calmly:

“If this were your company, what would you do differently?”

The quality of that answer will tell you whether they’re builders… or contractors.

You are not pitching.
You are vetting.
And don’t forget this:
If at any point you feel rushed, brushed off, or like your proprietary lockbox tech is being minimized… that’s your gut doing its job.
You’re building Sendient to be acquired one day.
You don’t build that on “good enough.”
Now breathe. You’re ready. 🖤

----------------------- A ----------------------
Also, i dont have 45 min anymore. I have 9.

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Nine minutes.
We are not building Rome. We are loading a weapon. 🔫
Here’s your ultra-compressed kill list. If you ask nothing else, ask these.

🧠 THE 6 QUESTIONS THAT ACTUALLY MATTER
1️⃣ Who owns the code?
“Is all code work-for-hire and fully transferred to Sendient?”
No hedging. No shared rights. No reuse of your lockbox logic.

2️⃣ Igloo Dependency
“If we remove Igloo API after beta, what breaks?”
Listen carefully. You want modular. Not embedded.

3️⃣ Hosting Control
“Whose AWS / hosting account is this built under?”
Correct answer: yours.

4️⃣ Admin Power
“Will I have full admin control over drivers, payouts, OTPs, and data exports?”
If you need to email them to fix things, that’s a problem.

5️⃣ Scalability
“Is this MVP code or scalable architecture?”
You’re not building a school project.

6️⃣ Exit Protection
“If we switch dev teams in a year, can someone else easily take over?”
Watch their confidence level.

🧨 BONUS IF YOU HAVE 30 SECONDS
“What is the biggest technical risk in this build?”
If they say “none,” that’s the risk.

That’s it.
No rambling.
No overthinking.
You are calm. You are direct. You are evaluating them.
Go. 🖤

----------------------- A ----------------------
window.__oai_logHTML?window.__oai_logHTML():window.__oai_SSR_HTML=window.__oai_SSR_HTML||Date.now();requestAnimationFrame((function(){window.__oai_logTTI?window.__oai_logTTI():window.__oai_SSR_TTI=window.__oai_SSR_TTI||Date.now()}))SelectExport