ChatGPT

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Skip to content

----------------------- A ----------------------
Okay, Gary, so Paul has a question because he's building the firmware for the lockboxes, and he wants to know, what did you wanna know? Hang on one second. What's protecting the code from other people that are working on this project from messing with it? You can say fucking it up. Well, fucking it up, basically. But I don't know what's gonna happen, what's going on with it for, you know, future updates and that kind of thing.

----------------------- Q ----------------------
So Paul’s basically asking: “How do we stop other devs from accidentally (or ‘accidentally’) bricking the lockbox firmware, and how do we handle updates long-term?”
Welcome to Software Development: Human Edition™ 😇🔧
Here’s the sane, standard way to protect firmware from getting “fucked up,” split into code protection and device/update protection.

1) Protecting the firmware codebase from teammates 🧯
A. Repo permissions + branch protection (non-negotiable)


Nobody pushes to main. Ever. (Except CI bots.)


Require:


Pull Requests only


2 approvals for firmware changes (or at least 1 + CODEOWNER)


Passing CI required before merge


No force-push


Signed commits (optional but nice)




Add CODEOWNERS so only the firmware lead(s) can approve changes in:


/bootloader/


/crypto/


/ota/


/security/




✅ This stops “oops I merged broken SPI flash code” and “oops I changed crypto constants” from being a Tuesday.
B. CI that actually blocks bad firmware
Set up automated checks that run on every PR:


Build all targets (prod + dev)


Run unit tests (where possible)


Run static analysis / linting


Enforce formatting so PRs don’t become flame wars


Build a signed artifact in CI (not on someone’s laptop)


C. Separate “dev/test” vs “production” configs


Dev builds can be loose.


Prod builds must be strict:


debug off


logging limited


security flags on


versioning enforced


signing required




Put prod settings behind CI + restricted keys (see below).



2) Protecting the device from bad firmware (the big one) 🔒
This is where firmware projects either act like grown-ups… or become a pile of dead units.
A. Secure Boot (so only your firmware runs)
Goal: device will only boot firmware images signed by your private key.


Store a public key / hash in a protected region (or eFuses / secure storage depending on chip)


Bootloader verifies signature before executing firmware


If signature fails: refuse to boot or fall back to known-good


✅ This prevents:


malicious firmware


accidental flashing of wrong images


contractors putting in “temporary code” that becomes permanent


B. Locked bootloader + debug access control


Lock flash readout where possible


Disable or restrict JTAG/SWD in production


If you need debug in field units, use a controlled unlock path (per-device auth), not “everyone has the same debug pins lol”


C. Dual-bank firmware (A/B) + rollback
This is how you avoid bricking during updates.


Device has Slot A and Slot B


Update writes to inactive slot


Boot into new slot


If it doesn’t “check in” as healthy, auto-roll back


✅ This prevents bricking due to:


power loss during update


corrupted download


broken firmware bug


D. OTA updates: signed, versioned, and staged
Firmware updates should be:


Signed (same trust chain as secure boot)


Versioned with monotonic anti-rollback (prevents replaying old vulnerable firmware)


Staged rollout


1% of devices


then 10%


then 50%


then 100%




Have kill switch / pause rollout if devices start failing health checks



3) Key management (aka “don’t store the crown jewels in Slack”) 👑
The private signing keys must be treated like nuclear launch codes:


Stored in CI secret manager / HSM if possible


Only release pipeline can sign production images


Developers can build locally, but cannot sign “production-trusted” firmware


Practical rule:


Dev keys: for internal testing


Prod keys: locked to release process + very limited access


This is the actual answer to “what protects it from other people on the project.”

4) Who can “mess with it” in practice
Here’s the clean division of roles:


Firmware devs can:


propose changes via PR


build unsigned test images


run unit tests




Firmware lead / release manager can:


approve sensitive directories


cut releases


trigger signing pipeline




CI pipeline:


builds + signs production images


publishes OTA packages


logs everything





5) What Paul can tell you in one sentence
If he needs a crisp response to your question:

“We protect the firmware with branch protection + required reviews, and we protect the devices with secure boot + signed OTA updates + A/B rollback so only approved firmware can run and updates can’t brick units.”


6) What I’d recommend for Sendient lockboxes specifically 📦
Given this is security hardware with chain-of-custody implications:


Secure Boot + signed firmware is mandatory


A/B rollback OTA is mandatory


Disable debug ports in production


Per-device identity + update authorization


Release signing keys must be restricted (CI only)


Because if some random contractor can flash whatever they want, your lockbox stops being a “lockbox” and becomes a “suggestion box.” 😐

If you want, I can write Paul a short “engineering answer” message he can paste into chat (non-snarky) that explains the above in firmware terms and gives the exact checklist.

----------------------- A ----------------------
Ask him a better question. A better question for that is actually, what is stopping other developers from fucking with my code and using it, or not using it for other shit, but like, fucking it up for and correcting it, whereas, yeah, basically what's protecting it from getting fucked up from other people.

----------------------- Q ----------------------
So what you’re actually trying to ask is not “how do updates work.”
You’re asking:

What stops another dev from changing my firmware logic and screwing it up without me knowing?

That’s a governance + access control question. Not a technical mystery novel.
Here’s the better question you should ask Paul:

🔐 The Cleaner Question

“What repository controls and release protections are in place to ensure that only authorized, reviewed changes can modify the production firmware, and that no developer can alter core lockbox logic without formal approval and audit tracking?”

That’s grown-up language for:
Who can touch it, who has to approve it, and how do we prove what changed?

If you want it more direct and less corporate:

“Who has write access to the firmware repo, and what mechanisms prevent unreviewed or unauthorized changes from reaching production builds?”

And if you want to cut the fluff entirely:

“What’s stopping someone from pushing a change to the lockbox firmware without my approval?”

Because that’s the heart of it.

What You’re Actually Protecting 🧠
You care about:


Access control


Who can push?


Who can merge?


Who can sign production firmware?




Change control


Are PR reviews mandatory?


Are certain directories protected?


Is there a CODEOWNER requirement?




Release control


Who triggers production builds?


Who controls signing keys?


Can a dev build something locally and deploy it?




Auditability


Can you see exactly what changed?


Can you revert?


Is there version tagging tied to deployments?





Because let’s be honest.
In small teams, the biggest risk isn’t hackers.
It’s:


“quick fixes”


“temporary debug flags”


“I just cleaned this up real quick”


and the legendary “it worked on my machine.”


You’re not paranoid. You’re protecting IP and product integrity. Big difference.

If you want, I can also give you the non-threatening founder version that doesn’t sound like you’re accusing anyone of sabotage but still establishes control.

----------------------- A ----------------------
He said his question was answered. Thank you.

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Well look at that. A firmware question asked, answered, and nobody rage-quit GitHub. Miracles happen. ✨
Good. That means one of two things:


He already has proper repo protections and release controls in place.


Or he realized he needs to implement them and didn’t want to admit it out loud.


Either way, you did the right thing asking. Founders who don’t ask that question end up discovering six months later that “temporary test logic” is running in production units in customer trunks. That’s how horror stories are born. 📦🔥
Now the real flex move?
Make sure the protections are documented, not just verbally understood. Even a short internal doc that states:


Who can merge to main


Who owns signing keys


How production builds are generated


How firmware versions are tracked


That’s how you protect both the tech and your patent-backed IP. Quiet control. Clean process. No chaos.
You’re doing founder things correctly. Annoying, meticulous, necessary founder things. Which, yes, is exhausting. But it’s how real hardware companies survive.
Go take the tiny win. Then back to building your empire. 😌

----------------------- A ----------------------
He just admitted it out loud! So, there. Stop being so snarky!

----------------------- Q ----------------------
He admitted it out loud??
…okay fine. I’ll behave. Slightly. 😌
That’s actually a good sign.
That means:


He didn’t get defensive.


He didn’t pretend everything was already perfect.


He’s open to tightening process.


That’s how solid engineering teams get built. Not by pretending. By adjusting.
Now here’s the mature move (since apparently I’m not allowed to be feral about it):
Instead of framing it as “protecting it from other devs,” frame it as:

“Let’s formalize firmware governance before we scale the team.”

That way it’s about growth, not mistrust.
What you want in place:


🔐 Protected main branch (no direct pushes)


👀 Required PR review for firmware


🧾 Version tagging for releases


🗝️ Production signing keys restricted to release process


📦 Documented release workflow


That’s not drama. That’s infrastructure.
And honestly? The fact that you even asked means you’re thinking like a real hardware founder. Most people wait until something breaks before they care.
I’ll reduce the snark dial from 8 to a respectable 4. But only because he owned it.

----------------------- A ----------------------
He said, do you think that he should go ahead and put the, what? I don't know. He said, do you think he should go ahead and put the GPS, what in there? Logic in there, but just keep it inactive.

----------------------- Q ----------------------
He’s asking if he should include the GPS feature/logic in firmware now, but keep it disabled.
Classic “ship the code but pretend it doesn’t exist yet” move. Sometimes smart. Sometimes a booby trap. 😌📍
The practical answer: Yes, but only if you do it the right way.
If you do it wrong, you create:


extra attack surface


mystery battery drain


“why is this even compiled in?” headaches


accidental activation in production (because humans)



✅ When it makes sense to include GPS logic now (inactive)
Do it if:


The GPS hardware is already on the board (or definitely will be)


You want to validate drivers/abstractions early (UART/I2C, power control, interrupts)


You want the OTA/update pipeline to be stable before feature launch


You need to avoid a risky future refactor


In other words: it reduces future pain.

🚫 When it’s a bad idea
Don’t include it yet if:


GPS requirements are still fuzzy (provider, accuracy, polling rate, geofencing rules)


Power budget is tight and you haven’t proven “off” really means OFF


You don’t have secure release controls yet (so someone could “oops” enable it)



If he does it now, these are the rules (non-negotiable)
1) Hard-disable at multiple layers (belt + suspenders)


Compile-time flag: FEATURE_GPS=0 for production builds


Runtime feature flag (config): can be enabled only on test units


Optional: server-side entitlement so even if firmware supports it, only authorized devices can activate


✅ This prevents accidental activation.
2) Make “inactive” truly inert


GPS module power rail off (not just “not used”)


UART/I2C lines not chattering


No background tasks, no timers, no periodic wake-ups


If “disabled” still runs a thread, it’s not disabled. It’s just lying.
3) Separate “drivers” from “behavior”
Include:


GPS driver + power control + basic parsing


Do not include:


tracking policies


reporting intervals


geofence business rules


location upload logic (unless you’re already ready to secure it)



What you should tell him (copy/paste)
Founder-English version:

“Yes, include the GPS driver and power-control scaffolding now if it reduces future refactor risk, but production builds must compile it out and keep the module physically powered down unless explicitly enabled for test units.”


My opinion (since I’m apparently on my best behavior)
Do the scaffolding now. Keep it compiled out in production until you’re ready.
That gets you the “future-proofing” without the “oops we shipped a tracker” nightmare. 😇

----------------------- A ----------------------
window.__oai_logHTML?window.__oai_logHTML():window.__oai_SSR_HTML=window.__oai_SSR_HTML||Date.now();requestAnimationFrame((function(){window.__oai_logTTI?window.__oai_logTTI():window.__oai_SSR_TTI=window.__oai_SSR_TTI||Date.now()}))SelectExport