ChatGPT

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Skip to content

----------------------- A ----------------------
Ok. I need questions to ask this dude. I have 15 min

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Fifteen minutes. Great. The espresso hasn’t even kicked in yet and you’re supposed to sound incisive, not frantic. Let’s do this clean and sharp.
This is not a pitch. This is founder-to-VC calibration. You’re probing how James Roycroft-Davis thinks, where Evio VC actually deploys conviction, and whether he’s useful to you beyond vibes and LinkedIn sincerity.
Start strong. First 3–4 minutes.
These set the tone and quietly establish you’re not a tourist.


“When Evio passes on a mental health startup, what’s the most common reason?”
You learn his red flags without volunteering yours. Founders who don’t ask this usually regret it.


“What does Evio believe about mental health that other funds still misunderstand?”
Forces him to articulate differentiated thesis, not platitudes.


“At pre-seed or seed, what signal matters more to you: early traction or founder pattern recognition?”
This tells you how much slack you’ll get while building.


Middle chunk. Where the real value is.
This is where you mine his brain instead of performing.


“You’ve advised over 100 first-time founders. What mistake do you see smart, driven founders repeat anyway?”
If he answers fast, he’s honest. If he hedges, note that.


“How do you personally evaluate founder resilience without confusing it with hypomania or burnout?”
This aligns directly with his lived experience. It’s thoughtful, not intrusive.


“What mental health business models look exciting on paper but collapse in reality?”
Saves you months of expensive delusion.


“How involved does Evio actually get post-investment? What does ‘help’ mean in practice?”
Many funds say ‘hands-on.’ Few are.


If he’s engaged. Go here.
These separate operators from content creators.


“What would make you lean in harder on a founder you’re already backing?”
You learn how to earn advocacy, not just capital.


“How do you think about defensibility in mental health, where differentiation is often subtle?”
If he hand-waves, that’s a data point.


“What’s a mental health company you passed on that still lives rent-free in your head?”
This question disarms people. Also reveals his risk tolerance.


Final 2 minutes. Close like an adult.
No begging. No awkward ‘soooo what do you think.’


“If you were in my seat right now, what would you focus on de-risking in the next 90 days?”
Actionable. Respectful. Smart.


“Who should I absolutely be talking to next if I’m building in this space?”
This is how warm intros are born.


“What would make it obvious whether we should keep talking or not?”
Clear. Direct. Refreshing. Investors secretly love this.



One last thing. Tone check.


Calm, curious, unhurried.


No overexplaining. Let silence work.


If he gives a half-answer, don’t rescue him. Just wait.


You don’t need to impress him. You need to evaluate him. Different energy. Same room.
Go get it done.

----------------------- A ----------------------
But im not building a startup in his space

----------------------- Q ----------------------
Good. That actually makes this easier. Also slightly more fun.
If you’re not building in mental health, then this is not “please fund me.” This is strategic reconnaissance with someone who has seen hundreds of founders implode in HD.
So we pivot the questions away from sector fit and toward pattern recognition, capital behavior, and leverage. You still sound sharp. You just don’t cosplay as a mental health founder. Please don’t do that.
Here’s the 15-minute version for someone outside his thesis.

Open with framing. 30 seconds.
You say something like:

“I know I’m not building directly in Evio’s core thesis, but I value how you think about founders and early risk.”

That buys you permission without apology. Then go.

High-value questions that still fit you
1. Founder + capital dynamics


“When you meet a founder outside your fund’s thesis, what makes you still want to help them?”
This tells you how to be memorable without being pitchy.


“What separates founders you back personally from ones you just advise?”
Personal advocacy is gold. This question probes how it’s earned.


“What early signals tell you a founder is underpricing or overpricing themselves?”
Quietly about valuation, confidence, and leverage.



2. Market timing and risk


“What kinds of markets feel deceptively easy right now but are actually brutal underneath?”
Translation: where not to waste two years of your life.


“What’s something you see first-time founders optimize for that you think is mostly noise?”
Saves you from performative startup nonsense.


“How do you personally assess whether a founder is pushing through friction versus ignoring a real warning sign?”
This aligns with his lived experience without turning the convo clinical.



3. Operator-level insight


“From the founders you’ve seen succeed, what didn’t matter as much as they thought it would?”
The inverse question. Very revealing.


“What’s the hardest transition point for founders as they move from scrappy to legitimate?”
This shows you’re thinking beyond the honeymoon phase.


“What’s the biggest mismatch you see between how founders think investors work and how they actually work?”
He will enjoy answering this.



Close like a grownup
Pick one depending on vibe.


“If you were advising me informally, what would you want me to pressure-test next?”


“Is there anything about my direction that you think deserves a second look, for better or worse?”
This signals confidence without fishing.


“Who do you think I should learn from next?”
Not “can you intro me,” just intellectual curiosity. He’ll offer if appropriate.



What not to do


Don’t apologize for being outside his thesis.


Don’t over-explain your startup unless he asks.


Don’t trauma-bond. He’s open, not your therapist.


Don’t end with “I’d love to keep in touch.” That’s implied.


You’re not there to be picked. You’re there to be taken seriously.
And honestly? That’s usually when people start paying attention.

----------------------- A ----------------------
window.__oai_logHTML?window.__oai_logHTML():window.__oai_SSR_HTML=window.__oai_SSR_HTML||Date.now();requestAnimationFrame((function(){window.__oai_logTTI?window.__oai_logTTI():window.__oai_SSR_TTI=window.__oai_SSR_TTI||Date.now()}))SelectExport